hello viewers amber with Khurana from
intellect digest today I am going to
give you a quick review of the Hua v III
5 v Wi-Fi modem this is a very
interesting modem what it has is it runs
on 3G or 2g SIM so you put any telecom
sim in it and will use the data network
of the sim to power up to five Wi-Fi
devices and it can be used with one
laptop or desktop at one time so it can
support up to six devices at a time
simultaneously which is very good I will
just show you around the hardware there
is a USB port over here there are two
LEDs which blink this one is for a par
and there is one for Wi-Fi which tells
you whether the Wi-Fi is active or not
here you have a port but there is some
antenna inside it and you don't need to
use it for normal operations so keep it
closed you just slide it forward and
this flap opens up and under the flap
you have a 3G or 2g sim which you want
to use it for data connection and here
there is an optional port for micro SD
card so you can use it as mass storage
device or a pendrive for transferring
data you just slide it to open it put
your micro sd card close it you can put
up to 32gb of micro SD card and use that
as a pendrive so this is how it is an
interesting part is that you don't need
any software to run it you don't need
even a computer to run it if you want to
run it on mobile devices or tablets what
you need is a wall charger like this or
a car charger which has a USB port you
just plug it in plug it into the wall it
gives the part of it and the Wi-Fi
starts there is a 3G same inside and it
connects to the 3G network and you don't
need any external software it's totally
plug-and-play it will use the 3G
connection and run a Wi-Fi module so it
will work as an independent Wi-Fi modem
you don't need to buy a broadband
connection or a Wi-Fi router it is
all-in-one and you can also use it as a
conventional 3G dongle whether you are
using it with a computer or a wall
charger or a car charger in the car it
will work as a Wi-Fi modem and
support up to five devices on Wi-Fi at
the same time and one device on wired
connection if it is connected to a
computer it supports Windows Linux and
Mac OS so it has quite a wide range of
support for devices and it is very
simple and easier to use very easy to
carry it can use any 3G or 2g sim it can
give speeds of up to 20 1 Mbps on
supported networks we tested it on 3.5 G
network by Airtel in Delhi it is giving
me a speed of 4.5 Mbps I'll just show
you the tests live right now so let me
put it on a speed test to it for you and
let me show you how fast it can perform
we are using the website speedtest.net
for running the speed test
so as you can see the real test results
come out to be four point three five
Mbps and one point four five Mbps this
is Airtel Delhi Network the rated
download speed of this modem is twenty 1
Mbps which is the maximum speed if
supported by the network this is the
management interface of the who i ee
three five five modem as you can see
this opens inside a browser and it will
show you the same status the strength of
the network the roaming status and other
important status relateable network also
it will show you which network it is the
data which has been sent or received the
duration from which it has been
connected current connected status as
well as the number of devices which are
currently connected to the Wi-Fi totals
dongle so this is all from us on the who
IE three five five I think it is a great
buy for under three thousand rupees or
$60 it's a value for money device if you
want a replacement for the broadband
connection and you don't want to spend
too much you can buy this device get a
cheap data connection on a mobile sim
and start using it so this is all we
have for you for more such videos do
subscribe to our YouTube channel by
clicking the subscribe button below this
is Roy Khurana signing off thanks for
watching